Cleaned up Azure::Core::Context API surface (#5676)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp: sdk/core/azure-core/CHANGELOG.md

- [[#5622]](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/pull/5622) Documentation fix for building the SDK with specific OpenSSL version.  (A community contribution, courtesy of _[ByteYue](https://github.com/ByteYue)_)
- [[#5515]](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/issues/5515) Add a `ShouldRetry` virtual method to the retry policy to enable customization of service-specific retry logic.
- By default, Azure::Core::Context has been updated to be a child of `Azure::Core::Context::ApplicationContext`. In addition, the following new functions were added:
  - `Azure::Core::Context::CreateNewRoot()` - this creates a new root context. This is useful when you want to create a new context that will not be affected by the cancellation of `Azure::Core::Context::ApplicationContext`

>     - It is also useful to restore the previous behavior of each `Azure::Core::Context` being created as an independent root.

Author: Before this change, each Context object created was its own root.

After this change, each newly created Context object is a child of ApplicationContext. 

If you want the old behavior (each newly created Context object is it's own root), you need to use CreateNewRoot().

- [[#5622]](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/pull/5622) Documentation fix for building the SDK with specific OpenSSL version.  (A community contribution, courtesy of _[ByteYue](https://github.com/ByteYue)_)
- [[#5515]](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/issues/5515) Add a `ShouldRetry` virtual method to the retry policy to enable customization of service-specific retry logic.

> - `Azure::Core::Context::ApplicationContext` has been deprecated. In addition, the following new functions were added:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Azure::Core::Context::ApplicationContext` has been deprecated. In addition, the following new function was added:
```

>   - `Azure::Core::Context::CreateWithDeadline()` - this creates a new context with a deadline. This provides a convenient replacement for one common use of ApplicationContext - to create new Context objects with a deadline.

Reviewer: Update this to point to the new ctor.

> 

Reviewer: This "Other Changes" addition is in the wrong release section.
Move it to `1.13.0-beta.2 (Unreleased)`
